Emma thinks about her future often
She thought about becoming a teacher last
year and has thought about it ever since
She says she loves working with children
She said this to her parents
last
week
and has said it many times before Emma
finds joy in helping others She found a
volunteer opportunity at a local school
and has found it very rewarding She gives
her time generously
She gave 3 hours last Saturday and has
given over 50 hours this year
Emma tells stories to the children
She told a funny one yesterday and has
told many inspiring tales She becomes
more confident each day
She became sure of her career choice last
month and has become an inspiration to others
Emma begins each day with enthusiasm
She began a new project last week and has
begun to see positive results
She shows patience with the kids She
showed great care during a difficult
situation and has shown remarkable skills
Emma leaves work feeling fulfilled She
left late yesterday but has left with a smile
every
day
She feels she's made the right choice She
felt uncertain at first but has felt more
certain of her path with each passing day